<div id="table-of-contents">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<div id="text-table-of-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgheadline1">1. File description</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgheadline8">2. The Atlanta airport (Jackson&#x2026;)&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;<span class="tag"><span class="travel">travel</span>&#xa0;<span class="atlanta">atlanta</span>&#xa0;<span class="airport">airport</span></span></a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgheadline2">2.1. <span class="todo TODO">TODO</span> Find out the actual name of the Atlanta airport.</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgheadline3">2.2. Where to park</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgheadline4">2.3. <span class="todo TODO">TODO</span> find out the name and address of which Marriott we stay at.</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgheadline5">2.4. <span class="todo TODO">TODO</span> What are the other options for parking near the airport?</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgheadline6">2.5. <span class="todo TODO">TODO</span> Are there buses which would be cheaper?</a></li>
<li><a href="#orgheadline7">2.6. <span class="todo TODO">TODO</span> how often does the international bus run?  how late?</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="#orgheadline10">3. Our experience with Air Canada&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;<span class="tag"><span class="travel">travel</span>&#xa0;<span class="canada">canada</span></span></a>
<ul>
<li><a href="#orgheadline9">3.1. Customer service</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

# File description<a id="orgheadline1"></a>

This is an outline of our first day traveling to Canada on June 26 2017.

# The Atlanta airport (Jackson&#x2026;)     :travel:atlanta:airport:<a id="orgheadline8"></a>

## TODO Find out the actual name of the Atlanta airport.<a id="orgheadline2"></a>

## Where to park<a id="orgheadline3"></a>

-   We part at the Marriott hotel

## TODO find out the name and address of which Marriott we stay at.<a id="orgheadline4"></a>

-   The Marriott has a shuttle service which takes us to the domestic terminal (a downside of this approach is that their shuttle doesn't drop off at the international terminal).  The reason we choose the Marriott is because it's the cheapest.

## TODO What are the other options for parking near the airport?<a id="orgheadline5"></a>

## TODO Are there buses which would be cheaper?<a id="orgheadline6"></a>

-   after the Marriott takes us to the domestic terminal, we take the domestic<->international shuttle bus.  This takes about 15.

## TODO how often does the international bus run?  how late?<a id="orgheadline7"></a>

# Our experience with Air Canada     :travel:canada:<a id="orgheadline10"></a>

## Customer service<a id="orgheadline9"></a>

-   it took 30 minutes to reach a representative on the phone.
-   took an hour for everything to get resolved.  Actually, it wasn't resolved because the phone representative cancelled (offloaded us) from the flight to Toronto.  Thankfully, Shelby caught the mistake when speaking with a representative behind the desk at the airport.
-   we had a 4 hour delay due to weather in Toronto which caused us to miss the connecting flight from Toronto->Calgary.
-   Because we missed our connecting flight, we missed our hotel reservation in Calgary for Monday night.  It was non-refundable at the Comfort Inn Suites for $70.
-   Air Canada didn't offer a hotel voucher, so we will be sleeping in the Toronto airport tonight.
-   However, we did get a $10 (each) meal voucher from Air Canada for the inconvenience.
-
